quickBuy                  = true
lockItemPickup            = true
mapZoom                   = 40
importedCharacters        = false
lockMapRotation           = false
cameraShake               = true
gore                      = true
questwidgetopen           = true
corpsePersistence         = 0
blood                     = 1
reportStats               = 2
targetLock                = false
inactiveUpdateRate        = 0
cloudSaving               = false
gamepadSupport            = false
breakingMoveTo            = true
classicCasting            = false
gamepadTargetLock         = true
autoLootRelics            = false
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
displayDamage             = true
critMultipliers           = false
targetOutline             = true
monsterBars               = true
playerBars                = true
playerLocalBar            = false
petBars                   = false
playerHealth              = true
monsterHealth             = true
monsterIcons              = true
monsterBarsUndamaged      = false
tutorialTips              = true
errorMessages             = true
autoItemTooltips          = true
extraRollovers            = true
sortConfirmBypass         = false
textureQuality            = high
shadowQuality             = low
shadows                   = true
weatherQuality            = high
weatherEnabled            = true
depthOfField              = true
softParticles             = false
reflectionQuality         = medium
detailLevel               = very high
resolution                = 1680 1050
refreshRate               = 120000 1000
windowPosition            = 437 181
antiAliasing              = 2
anisotropicFiltering      = 1
screenMode                = 1
syncToRefresh             = true
tripleBuffer              = false
detailObjects             = true
advancedEffects           = true
brightness                = 0.5
contrast                  = 0.5
gamma                     = 0.5
fxQuality                 = medium
lightingQuality           = medium
uiScale                   = 0.5
device                    = 0
colorblind                = 0
alphatocoverage           = true
ambientocclusion          = true
deferredrendering         = false
fxaa                      = true
masterVolume              = 1
musicVolume               = 1
effectsVolume             = 1
ambientVolume             = 1
dialogVolume              = 1
rockOn                    = false
speakerType               = 1
soundDevice               = 0
errorSpeech               = true
captureDevice             = 0
micLoopback               = false
voiceVolume               = 1
voicechatEnabled          = false
voicechatPushToTalk       = false
networkAdapter            = ""
networkMTU                = 1400
UPnPEnable                = false
language                  = "Simplified Chinese"
datapath                  = ""
forceSingleProcessorMode  = false
maxResourceThreads        = 1
skipCompatibilityChecks   = false
useArchives               = true
setupComplete             = false
